Professor: David Schuessler

Review: Professor Schuessler is genuinely one of the kindest and most helpful instructors I've had in a long time. The course material was challenging, but his patience and willingness to explain concepts thoroughly made everything easier. His office hours were incredibly useful, he never made anyone feel rushed or uncomfortable for needing extra help.

Review: David is indeed a tough grader, but this comes from a care about his students learning the proper techniques and being consistent with the material. Also David is more than happy to help people who are stuck on assignments or have questions. Overall, David is set on making sure his students enter the computer science major as ready as possible.

Review: His knowledge and experience is all academic and extremely dated. He insists on conventions invented by him and not used by anyone in the professional world. His quizzes are on extremely short timers making them more of a test of speed than ability. He might be the worst professor I have had yet. I would never take another class with him.

Review: Schuessler will be many students first experience with Java, and he often misses the mark when attempting to connect to those struggling. He teaches on the whiteboard without interactive exercise, leading to a lack of comprehension as the class watches him write. His attitude is not conductive to maintaining class attention or morale.

Review: This class is designed to separate the weak from the strong. It is NOT meant to make you a better programmer. It is meant to make you question if you have the will-power to move forward, which is not necessarily a bad thing for aspiring programmers. I think this also shows in Schuesslers teaching and why a lot of students are not a fan.

Review: The lectures don't fully explain how or why things happen and the prof is condescending towards students leaving them afraid to ask questions. Lectures are 95% powerpoint and coding examples are solutions already written by the prof. The class needs more thorough explanation of concepts and examples from scratch. Unwelcoming class, probably avoid.
