Professor: Tom Capaul

Review: One of the best of the CS department. Knows his stuff, works very well with students, encourages AI use for learning. The class is as hard as your team makes it, and Tom will let you know so. He gives excellent project feedback and is clear what he expects from his students. This class lets you show what you know and Tom will help push you further.

Review: An amazing professor, anyone rating this angel of a man badly is trying to save a spot in his classes for themselves. He is amazing, caring and makes you actually want to learn, not just rush to turn things in on time. He is one of the best lecturers on the campus!!

Review: Great professor, very supportive and not the issue here. Class is project-based (no exams/hw, yes for quizzes) so success depends heavily on group work. Be very careful who you partner with, my group made the course emotionally draining despite the projects not being hard. Loved the professor, but the group experience was discouraging & depressing.

Review: I took TCSS305, not 360 (option wasn't available to select). Tom is easily one of the best professors at UWT for the CS program. He records lectures, has a very clear grading policy, walks through new concepts confidently, and is an overall cool dude. Wish I could've talked to him more, but hopefully in spring.

Review: Tom is easily one of the best professors at UW Tacoma. He genuinely cares about his students and has a wealth of academic and industry knowledge. 360 is essentially one big group project, with a lot of freedom to explore new material if you desire. I highly recommend him for 305 and 483 as well. If you put the work in, you'll get an A.

Review: This professor knows his stuff. He experienced the real world and he wants to give that back to you with a little bit of cushion. To get the most out of this class, I recommend meeting with him often to discuss code, group stuff, project direction, etc. If code has yet to click with you, this may be the class you've been waiting for.

Review: Tom is so passionate, and so in it for the students. He sets a great example of selflessness for us. It is, in fact, safe to say that I got a little bit of faith in humanity back after my quarter with Tom. He challenges you, but he's with you all the way. I only wish I'd found more opportunities to study under him.